add new pcb - chlx ppr merro (#23014)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/chlx/ppr_merro60/readme.md

# ppr.merro60

> ![ppr.merro60 PCB](https://i.imgur.com/xyQA68X.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![ppr.merro60 PCB](https://i.imgur.com/xyQA68Xh.jpg)
```

A standard 60% format keyboard pcb with USB-C and unified daughterboard compatibility.
Has modified cutouts to allow usage of certain tray mount cases into gummy gasket o-ring mount.
Has additional center flex cut.
Meant to be manufactured in 1.2mm.

> Keyboard Maintainer: [Alexander Lee](https://github.com/gaclee3b)
> Hardware Supported: chlx PCB ppr.merro60.x.x.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keyboard Maintainer: [Alexander Lee](https://github.com/gaclee3b)
* Hardware Supported: chlx PCB ppr.merro60.x.x.x
```

> Enter bootloader mode by any of the following options -
> - When unplugged, holding the top-left key (typically ESC) while plugging in the keyboard
> - When plugged in, pressing and releasing the reset button on the pcb bottom behind the CAPSLOCK / A-key region
> - When plugged in, shorting out the two reset metal contacts near the 'z' key (accessible through the switch LED slot)
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make chlx/ppr_merro60:default
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make chlx/ppr_merro60:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make chlx/ppr_merro60:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter bootloader mode by any of the following options -
- When unplugged, holding the top-left key (typically ESC) while plugging in the keyboard
- When plugged in, pressing and releasing the reset button on the pcb bottom behind the CAPSLOCK / A-key region
- When plugged in, shorting out the two reset metal contacts near the 'z' key (accessible through the switch LED slot)
```

# ppr.merro60

![ppr.merro60 PCB](https://i.imgur.com/xyQA68Xh.jpg)

> A standard 60% format keyboard pcb with USB-C and unified daughterboard compatibility.
> Has modified cutouts to allow usage of certain tray mount cases into gummy gasket o-ring mount.
> Has additional center flex cut.
> Meant to be manufactured in 1.2mm.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Standard 60% format keyboard PCB with USB-C and unified daughterboard compatibility.
- Modified cutouts to allow usage of certain tray mount cases into gummy gasket o-ring mount.
- Additional center flex cut.
- Meant to be manufactured in 1.2mm thickness.
```
